intended to showcase procedural character creation and modification, also intended as a postmodern comedy about what would happen after in a world where succubus/ god/ angels/ magic was real

warning, this document may be nsfw. also given that want to use humor for the main character to internally translate all the magical ceremonies as sex acts

note, my dislexia want to spell succubus as subucuss, is that some sort of abacus for succubus to keep a tally on what sex they have had recently/ the skill tree/ level up interface?

story motief.
traditional succubus names are sex sounds
anthropamorphiesed books/ stone tablets. books possibly like pigeons? 
if you want to learn something from a magical book, as well as catching it, then need to give it enough drugs for it to relax and open up to release it's eatheral pillar
"you then need to gently clasp your hands and move then up and down to heaven over the center of the book"
"oh, you mean felate the book's ghost penis"
"what? no, you repeat the pray a good 20 to 50 times, then place your head down over the book with your mouth open to magically receive the divine wisdom"
"ahh huh, i don't think you are seeing what i am seeing"
// take bliss in mouth, gain knowledge
// take bliss on skin, gain glow. 100 different bliss types gives perfect succubus shiny skin, impervious to physical harm... start off at zero
// take bliss into coochie, gain experence/ biomass
// take bliss behind, gain energy/ reduce lust?

biomass has quality, the more divine, the less the quality? 

as a succubus, taking a load of bliss from and angel/ devine is actually damaging/ power drain. so game ends up being managing when and where the angels release there bliss
pretty much a cataclismic event in the world, as it destroys humans ablity to think/ function
to the perception of the player, all children in world are in protective hamster balls with no ablity to see outside/ game never renders children


rather than combat to reduce health to zero, it is a "magic ritual" to "make the openent loose themselves to bliss" first, with bonus for achiving multiple bliss

in a world with a "pervert/sexist" god, that disintergrates any clothes on a female beyond underware/bikini if they go outside
need to keep along an angel (which is blissed out of it's head and not good company/ no conversation "glorry be, glory be, glorry be...."
succubus starts out with a demon lord skin g-string, which is always in contact with some part of the body/ can not be removed~ can be moved around
able to summon aspect of the demon lords phalas/ tenticles, either internally or externally to the g-string.
contact of the demond lord skin on the succubus skin is a claming influence against loosing reason to lust
the more the succubus modifies appearance/ biomass, the more the capacity for lust and rate of lust increace accumulate
biomass can be aquired though happy times with humans, and extream happy time can result in havesting the entire human's biomass and leaving an imortal skeleton mentaly frozen in a state of heightened lust of the moment of the extreme happy times
skeletons and "sarcasm" (currency of the succubus) can be traided for demon lord skin clothing (looks like black shiny vinil)
as game goes on, want to cover more and more. also deomd lord skin dimentional sports bra, or training bra, that can displace a certain amount of fleash to different dimention, or argument mass. shapping underware, boots, gloves, mask...

even when choosing a yes/no option, as the succubus's lust increaces, there is a raising probablity of action choices failing.
can not just make options diamerically opposed, as with a high failure rate (or max it at 50%?) thry could just choose the opposite of what they want to happen
"do you hide from the human villager, or apporach caustiously"
"approach cautiously"
- lust critical fail, you decide to be done with this shit, and near instantly transform his entire biomass to a giant phalic meat missile, which though momentum is 
launched towards you and allow to easly and quickly absobed, the low quality biomass giving you pause and the villager still animated skeleton collaping in a shocked orgasm.

leads to an avalance of angel decimating an areas population into bliss zombies with low quality biomass, and succubus rampages getting no satisfaction from
consume all the biomass and ending up with a mountain of horny skeletons, the succubus feeling sick from the low quality biomass with somewhat reduced lust. 
to cover their tracks once succubus regains awarenss past the pink haze, they sell all the skeletons on the neather markets and buy some nice demond lord skin boots, and wander to the next town, blissed out angel in tow

if humans exposure to bliss is turning into a zombie, what is the opposite, the effect of succubus? well, other than the exterem of fully stripping biomass and making horny skeleton, does it increase sarcasm~ thus the currency
or are succubus just naturally very sarcastic to each other

overcommitment to certain modifications and exposure to certain aspects leave fetishes which end up being a debuff for "combat"?
too much modification of reducing waist line result in subservience fettish? weakness to opponent play dominating role?


//====
managing stress points, actions/ talking to people cost stress. may need to change to floating point for stress
the more modifications to self, the larger capacity for stress, modify [body, mind, skin, libido]
plant mini game, start with little visiblity
spend 1 stress to prune weed, 2 stress to pull weed. prune may leave node still under ground, pull gets stuck if node still under ground, and need to deal with all attached nodes
get a certain number of 'butterflies' that give 2x result of actions for 30 sec after capturing
get a certain number of pigeons, which serve as books, and can be used to improve [body, mind, skin, libido]
can sprend stress to talk to humans, improve them, gain trust, to learn activities to resove some stress per day
need to schedule nightime stress relief activities.
remaining stress can be also used to grow horns, but that is very much a weak point to any other succubie, and somewhat to humnans. can't remove horns even when transformed
the succubie with the bigger horns is always subservient to one with less horns
the remaining stress at the start of a new day is the chance that you just break and kill everyone, absorbing all biomass and then get incinerated by the holy power
amount of deomon skin clothing reduces stress cost of actions

burn off stress by growing horns, with the side effect that any succubus with less horns can exert dominance over a succubus with more horns. horns also start off like handle-bars

//===
is the gameplay a turnbased mix of "planet masters" and whatever that potion alkemy game was where you find ingredents and mixing them for a potion moves a cursor around a map,
and the closer to the target you get, the better quality potion.
for the succubus, mixing the potion is equivalent to self pleasure, the ingredents are ideas you get from talking to people during the day
locations on map are the people you know, and landing near them is the quality of the dream they have about you?
from planet master, there are powerup creatures moving around the map (if you cross there path, get a x2? lasting 10 moves)
from planet master, selecting self allows release, which for 30? days gives 1.25x on dream trust points gained, but 0.75x dream movement
on dream map, you continue from where you left, but can only visit each person other than yourself once
- how to deal with consecutive self release- it gains no trust points
trust points get changed to physical affection, which fules self modification/ ex gain





